Log/Dispatch/File/Alerts version 1.04
=====================================

--------
Abstract
--------

This module subclasses Log::Dispatch::File to implement the generation 
of single-file alerts for log messages. It is intended to be configured 
to recieve only messages of level FATAL. So any fatal error creates a 
single file in the specified directory to call for the help of an 
administrator. When he has finished his work, he can remove the alert 
file to show the problem has been resolved. It allows for a pattern for 
the alert file, so it can generate date/time/pid stamped files. It uses 
flock to ensure being safe in a multitasking environment.

------------
Requirements
------------

This module requires Log::Dispatch::File, included in the Log::Dispatch 
distribution and Log::Log4perl::DateFormat, included in the 
Log::Log4perl distribution. It has only be tested with the versions as 
stated in Makefile.PL, if you find it works with earlier versions, too, 
please send me a email. Thank you.

------------------
Basic Installation
------------------

Log::Dispatch::File::Alerts may be installed through the CPAN shell in 
the usual manner:

  # perl -MCPAN -e 'install Log::Dispatch::File::Alerts'

You can also read this README from the CPAN shell:

  # perl -MCPAN -e shell
  cpan> readme Log::Dispatch::File::Alerts

And you can install the component from the CPAN prompt as well:

  cpan> install Log::Dispatch::File::Alerts

-------------------
Manual Installation
-------------------

Log::Dispatch::File::Alerts can also be installed manually.  The latest 
CPAN version can be found at <http://www.cpan.org/modules/by-
authors/id/J/JA/JACOB/> or in a similarly named directory at your 
favorite CPAN mirror.

Downloading and unpacking the distribution are left as exercises for the 
reader.  To build and test it:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make test

When you're ready to install the component:

  make install

It should now be ready to use.

On Win32 systems, replace "make" in the above commands with "nmake". The 
nmake utility can be downloaded from 
http://download.microsoft.com/download/vc15/Patch/1.52/W95/EN-
US/Nmake15.exe

---------------------
COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE
---------------------

Copyright (C) 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 M. Jacob <jacob@j-e-b.net>

Based on:
  Log::Dispatch::File::Stamped by Eric Cholet <cholet@logilune.com>
  Log::Dispatch::FileRotate by Mark Pfeiffer, <markpf@mlp-consulting.com.au>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it 
under the same terms as Perl itself. 

